hello youtube this is a eight years ago
back again for a little more commentary
with my platinum trophy for Medal of
Honor I'm playing on my PSN account Auto
mechtech one of course and I was just
gonna talk a little bit about the
platinum trophy no it's not a very hard
trophy to get ninety percent on the game
is pretty fun to play despite what I
gian may say it's it's one of those
games that I Jen will shit on but what's
one really good I recommend it for
anybody who likes shooting games
military style shooters but up let's get
back to the trophies of course I know
that's why you're watching this the only
thing that I found hard about this game
was the fire controller trophy and a
fire control our bars you to get a
cruise missile the overall true if you
requires you to call in every offensive
support action which when you get a
score chain going you get a support
action you can come either Colin
offensively difference now this trophy
calls for you to Colin every offensive
but to do that you have to get 600
points which is almost the equivalent to
getting like an EMP maybe I'd say and
call of duty modern warfare 2 but of
course this gameplay isn't call of duty
this is more like a battlefield game
despite what people say it plays just
like any other dice game so staying on a
killstreak staying alive is very
difficult to do and you'll actually hear
a lot of people boosting this trophy
which I wouldn't necessarily recommend
boosting you know if you feel compelled
to get the trophy then by all means go
boosted I but the boost in this game
requires so many people and
being a pain in the ass but that's
probably what I'd say the hardest trophy
is to get in this camp so if you if you
got every offensive support action
you're doing pretty damn good now the
other trophies in this game require you
to play two hours of each game type
which is combat mission team assault
sector control and objective rate now
there's a third plot there's a fifth
playlist for hardcore but you don't have
to play hardcore get into the two hours
but it does go towards it because I'm
hardcore you can play team assault
sector control and objectively and
objective raid is probably one of the
least played game types besides hardcore
it's patient it's basically one round of
demolition it's sort of like a Search
and Destroy meets demolition I guess for
you call of duty people another trophy
that may cause you a little bit of
frustration is the tier 1 truth which
requires you to reach level 15 pound
class and if you're like me as you get
near the end you're getting pretty damn
tired of using the same times everyone
everyone but if you can stick whether
this trophy shouldn't be that big a deal
just like the two hours of each game
type and there's of course the last
trophy that may cause a painting people
side miss the concessions gallantry
trophy it's cool and it requires you to
beat the campaign on tier one difficulty
and one thing about tier one is that it
requires you to log into the EA service
and I've heard some people complaining
that sometimes they get signed out where
in the middle of the mission it just
stopped sirs and kind of glitch happens
that's certainly gonna happen but with
me in Tier one difficulty if I didn't
finish the level oh my god but if I
finished it I finished it under part
time so it wasn't that big a deal if you
just stick with it it'll be if you play
through the campaign on the court which
is another trophy require to get
platinum tier 1 is basically like hard
for it it's not that party dude just
stick with it you'll get it believable
the hardest thing about this game is
fire controller now there are other
trophies that may give people a little
bit of frustration but they're as hard
as the aforementioned trophies there's
the high achiever trophy which is
surprisingly a gold trophy and it
requires you to be top three on the
leaderboards overall not on your team
ten times now if you just stick with it
and if you feel like I say if you play
objective read which doesn't have a lot
of people but there are some good people
but if you get a really huge for it'll
be top three very easily and if you're
getting fire controller i hope damn well
you had to talk with leaderboards
alright there's another trophy fear the
reaper and that requires you to destroy
the al-qaida camp with a c-130 that one
missionary to rain hell down with an
ac-130 we'll just call Dorothy's a bitch
and a lot of people have been saying
like they've killed everybody and they
still can get that trophy well my advice
to people is you're likely missing one
little guy and he's just hiding
somewhere before you take out all the
little objectives which you get when you
press up you want to take out all the
little dudes running around cuz someone
is probably gonna miss one dude they're
gonna be like where's this guy at you
know I killed everybody but if you just
you know replay the level if you feel
like you didn't get everybody stop
before the checkpoint starts so you
don't have to replay the mushroom like I
had to do twice and you should get that
trophy pop up fairly easily and then
there's the that says the last meet
moderate trophy and that's the manic
suppression trophy and the level belly
of the beast it's your first mission
playing with the rainbow an honor to
take out the dish cut in less than two
minutes no you call over that wall when
your commanders talking to you and you
know you running up the hill you want to
go to the left and you want to position
yourself over a rock now you want to
take out the gunner every maybe two
seconds or at least like a bullet a
second you just want to put one bullet
not in a gut and like take out the
gunner but you want to also shoot the
gun shoot the belly but it stops you
know there's not going to be a guy
running and you notice the little thing
I'll be blinking over it
and that means that you're doing good
you're suppressing and they'll keep
moving up and eventually they'll throw
the smoke you'll have that trophy papa
how long after when the air strikes gold
now about the trophies it would it's a
fairly it's not that difficult of a game
I'd give it around five it's it's a
moderate difficulty because it requires
you to do some frustrating things and
see how I get the little platinum sure
if you pop up I was I was fairly excited
I can say that this is this is
definitely a trophy that if you're into
shooters you want to go for it if you
want to get for the platinum by all
means go for this game I recommend this
game despite what IGN says this is avery
saga' bringing you the platinum trophy
from medal of honor and i'll be seeing
you guys later